DeepRock.
Tokenized real-world assets on Avalanche.
Treasury bills, real estate, private credit — traditionally difficult to access, slow to settle, and opaque.
DeepRock makes them composable, instant, and transparent.
Five asset classes.
A growing directory of investment pools — each independently audited with live transparency.
One biometric scan creates a smart wallet.
No seed phrases.
No extensions.
The portfolio dashboard tracks every position in real time — balance, returns, allocation breakdowns.
All on-chain.
All verifiable.
Each pool shows APY, risk rating, lockup terms, and remaining capacity — all visible before you invest.
Select a pool.
Enter an amount.
Confirm.
Sub-second finality — no T-plus-two delays.
Documents are sealed on-chain with cryptographic proofs anyone can verify.
Keys are secured biometrically — non-custodial by design.
DeepRock.
Now live on testnet.